# NAME

Remote Rover Management

Tools for managing rovers on remote planets

# VERSION

Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.AkkaScalaClientCodegen

# Requirements

Building the API client library requires [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to be installed.

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn deploy
```

Refer to the [official documentation](https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-deploy-plugin/usage.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
    <artifactId>swagger-client</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0</version>
    <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-client:1.0.0"
```

### SBT users

```scala
libraryDependencies += "io.swagger" % "swagger-client" % "1.0.0"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://172.24.159.215/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**roversPost**](DefaultApi.md#roversPost) | **POST** /rovers | Create a rover.
*DefaultApi* | [**roversRoverIdPositionsGet**](DefaultApi.md#roversRoverIdPositionsGet) | **GET** /rovers/{roverId}/positions | Get current rover position.
*DefaultApi* | [**roversRoverIdPositionsPut**](DefaultApi.md#roversRoverIdPositionsPut) | **PUT** /rovers/{roverId}/positions | Move a rover.
*DefaultApi* | [**roversRoverIdPut**](DefaultApi.md#roversRoverIdPut) | **PUT** /rovers/{roverId} | Rename a rover.


## Documentation for Models

 - [InlineResponse201](InlineResponse201.md)
 - [InlineResponse400](InlineResponse400.md)
 - [MovementInstruction](MovementInstruction.md)
 - [MovementInstruction1](MovementInstruction1.md)
 - [RoverInfo](RoverInfo.md)
 - [RoverInfo1](RoverInfo1.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:


# BUILDING YOUR LIBRARY

See the homepage `https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen` for full details.
But briefly, clone the git repository, build the codegen codebase, set up your build
config file, then run the API build script. You will need git, Java 7 or 8 and Apache
maven 3.0.3 or better already installed.

Your library files will be built under `WWW::MyProjectName`.

          $ git clone https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen.git
          $ cd swagger-codegen
          $ mvn package
          $ java -jar modules/swagger-codegen-cli/target/swagger-codegen-cli.jar generate \
    -i [URL or file path to JSON swagger API spec] \
    -l akka-scala \
    -c /path/to/config/file.json \
    -o /path/to/output/folder

Bang, all done. Run the `autodoc` script in the `bin` directory to see the API
you just built.

## Author


